W-14038258-TracingOverview-SY (#259)
mulesoft/docs-monitoring: modules/ROOT/pages/trace-details.adoc

= Trace Details

> Each trace available in the *Traces* overview page has metrics associated with it. Clicking a trace opens a *Trace Details* page and shows the origin of the initial request, associated entities, events associated with the request, and more. You can also see flows, logs, and events associated with the trace. 

Author: ```suggestion
Each trace available in the *Traces* overview page has metrics associated with it. Clicking a trace opens a *Trace Details* page and shows the origin of the initial request, associated entities, events associated with the request, and more. You can also see flows, logs, and events associated with the trace in the form of _spans_. Each span contains details that explain the operations in the specific *Trace Detail* page.
```

= Trace Details

> Each trace available in the *Traces* overview page has metrics associated with it. Clicking a trace opens a *Trace Details* page and shows the origin of the initial request, associated entities, events associated with the request, and more. You can also see flows, logs, and events associated with the trace in the form of _spans_. Each span contains details that explain the operations in the specific *Trace Detail* page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each trace available in the *Traces* overview page contains associated metrics for you to examine. Clicking a trace opens a *Trace Details* page and shows the origin of the initial request, associated entities, events associated with the request, and more. Additionally, you can see flows, logs, and events associated with the trace in the form of _spans_. Each span contains details that explain the operations in the specific *Trace Detail* page.
```

== Access Trace Details

include::partial$include-nav-steps-no-permissions.adoc[]

include::partial$include-nav-distributed-tracing.adoc[]

. If needed, use the search function to query the list of traces that appears in the *Traces* overview page.
. Click the trace ID of the trace you want to examine.

== Understand Trace Details

Each trace detail page contains response times for spans at a glance. They also show the following contextual data:

> * *Status Code*: HTTP response status of the trace: 

Reviewer: Should this have "The" first to be parallel or is this some weirdness when it applies to HTTP?

Author: ```suggestion
* *Status Code*: The HTTP response status of the trace: 
```
